Feat/outbound linking to web3 storage (#976)
filecoin-project/filecoin-docs: docs/build/get-started.md

{{ $frontmatter.description }} The Infura API makes it easier to interact with the Filecoin Network by abstracting away some of the complex workflows and requirements. There's no need to spin up a node or directly call a Lotus daemon!

:::tip

> Want to speed up your development process and easily upload your data to Filecoin? Web3.Storage lets you programatically upload files and folders to the Filecoin network. [Take a look now →](https://web3.storage) 

Reviewer: Same comment as above, link users to the list of 'easy to use storage solutions backed by ipfs and filecoin'

Author: ```suggestion
Want to speed up your development process and easily upload your data to Filecoin? Use one of the community built tools and services to get started. [Take a look now →](../store/readme.md)
```
